Add note about color contrast (#1211)
folio-org/stripes-components: docs/AccessibilityDevPrimer.md

Color contrast is an important aspect to ensure that the webpage is legible, even for users with color-blindness or other sight disabilities. WCAG 2.0 AA standard requires that elements on a page have a sufficient color contrast of 4.5:1 for normal text and 3:1 for large or bold text.([1.4.3](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#contrast-minimum)) Check out the links below for a color contrast checking tool.

> **Not the issue**: When the contrast checker tool checks the icons which have a default/placeholder background color and a text color but there aren't actually any text – it's rendering an icon, so there's no issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Known false positive**:  When the contrast checker tool checks the icons which have a default/placeholder background color and a text color with no visible text.
```
This could probably be the start of a list - we're bound to collect these false positives for reference.
